References




1) ChatGPT 4.0. It transcribed all of my notes from my notebook. I took pictures of my notebook with my game design ideas, and asked it to transcribe it.

2) Usare esto para crear el combate con espada en Keith para GD50: tutorial de combate de unity en 3D (AGREGARLO A MIS FUENTES): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gHaJUNiItmQ 

3) Este video también menciona brevemente como crear melee combat, y ADEMAS, me dice como agregar skills / special attacks en Unity. Es un tutorial oficial de Unity, por lo que es mejor. INCLUIRLO EN MIS FUENTES: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jv9jGyIWelU 

4) Aqui sale el tutorial de agregar un skill en mayor detalle: https://learn.unity.com/tutorial/implementing-an-ability-system-training-video?uv=2019.3&courseId=5ee7df73edbc2a001edbc7fd&projectId=5eea865cedbc2a0023b03b00#5eea8ad8edbc2a002071fce7 

5) ChatGPT 4.0. “Ok, take all that text from all the transcriptions that you did during this chat, and include the following text, and create me an algorithm for a 3D Unity game with all the ideas from the transcripts that you just did for this chat, as well as the ideas from the following text: "Would I save on the game? Most likely no. You try to beat the entire game from scratch. I mean, I could add a save point before facing the boss, and I could learn how to implement a save feature in the game, just like I did in Keith Web. But this is not an important feature.
	How would Fang heal? Via positions, from drops from the enemies, of from using a “Cure” spell? I could definitely add drops for weaker enemies, but I need a way to heal midb-battle while fighting against the Final Boss.
	I’d most likely not add this, but I could add 4 books with the tiles of Ayn Rand’s novels, each 1 including the year of release. So, you need to arrange them in order by release date in order to open a door. That way, if you’re not an Ayn Rand fan and don’t know the release order, you can still look at the years on the book’s covers, and realize how to order them (the order would be “We the living”, “Anthem”, “The Fountainhead”, and “Atlas Shrugged”).
	Some of the pages that you could pick up from Aristotle’s books could be the explanations of Aristotle’s axioms: the 1st page would explain “The art of non contradiction”; the 2nd would explain “either / or”; while the 3rd would say “A is A”.
	Or, I could make the pages be from excerpts from Ayn Rand. Sure, this game would have to be non-commercial, but it would be a fun project an a fun portfolio project to do.
	I have an idea: Fang’s physical special skills could be called “Techne”, in reference to Aristotle’s “Practical knowledge”, whereas his magic could be called “Episteme”, in reference to Aristotle’s “theoretical knowledge”.
	The year of each book could be on the back of the book. So, you would need to look at the book in 3D, just like in Skyrim or in the modern fallout games, then you would need to rotate it to see its back cover, and there you would see the year of release of the book. 
	I could make it so that Fang gets a book each time he kills a special enemy, be it an Ayn Rand Book, or an Aristotle Book. Then, you would pick them up, and you would need to put the 4 of them in order at the door (in order of release date).
	I’m just brainstorming ideas: I don’t need to put Ayn Rand’s copyrighted stuff into the game.
	I could make Fang say that his most valued values are Self esteem, purpose, and reason. Why? I won’t say why so that I won’t need to cite Ben Bayer’s talk.
	The boss could be called “Lantenac” or “The Imanus” in reference to Victor Hugo’s “93”.
	He could be called “The Imanus”: he could be the big villain’s executioner: the one who does all the dirty work; one of his most loyal lieutenants, just like The Imanus was the most loyal liutenant of Lantenac in 93.
	The evil Imanus just kept Keith’s medal as a trophy: just to prove that he killed a huge amount of people in Keith’s village. It’s as if he had scalped both of Keith’s parents, but he took that medal instead of their scalps.
	I could also put a “93” related puzzle: you would need to put the names “Lantenac” and “The Imanus” under the title “Villains”; “Gros Alain, Georgette, and Rene Jean” under the title “Michelle Flechard”; and “Cimourdain” and “Gauvain” under the title of “Republicans” or “Revolutionaries” or something like that.
	I could also make Fang learn abilities similar to those in Nioh: doing the backflip if you parry / block at a certain moment an attack; and the other abilities.
	Not gonna lie: I just want to insert as many Ayn Rand references as I can get away with.
	I could also, instead of special attacks, just extend my combos each time that I learn an upgrade. That is, each new skill is just a way to make your combos longer. I like long combos.
	And, of course, I want the entire short game to be INTEGRATED. I don’t want to make a mess of a game full of ideas that aren’t connected in any way.
	Designing puzzles is more fun than designing combat. I could turn it into an action adventure game, like Zelda.
	Hell, even the Wonderful 101 has puzzles, even though it’s a combat focused-game.
	I honestly think I have enough to start making the game.
	Like, I will make it so that there are 2 types of weak enemies: a ground one, and an aerial one. The design of those enemies, and their attacks just aren’t that important.
	Given everything that I want to include, I have almost everything to make the game.
	I could also make a Torchlight 2 clone, but with a pretty art style,, and with Aristotle’s / Ayn rand’s philosophy.

To make it copyright free, I could, instead of using ayn rand's books, I couls put Victor HUGO’S works, and you Would Need to put them in order. For instance, you could find his works “Les Miserables”, “Hernani”, and “93”, and you would need to put them in order of release.
". Once again, take all the transcripts that you did for all the photos in this chat, as well as the text that I just gave you, and give me an algorithm for creating a 3D Unity game with all of these ideas combined.”
Accessed on April 27th, 2024.

6) ChatGPT 4.0. 
"Coll. Well, could you give me the links to any of those Youtube videos or playlists?"
Accessed on April 27th, 2024.

7) ChatGPT 4.0
"Let me rephrase the question: could you give me links to any Unity resources that would help me make an action RPG like the one that I want to make?"
Accessed on April 27th, 2024.

8) ChatGPT 4.0
"There's an extra mechanic that I forgot to inculde: earning EXP. This is an action RPG, so you level up. By defeating enemies, you earn experience, so that you can level up. By leveling up, your stats increase (HP, Defense, Attack points). Jot that down."
Accessed on April 28th, 2024.

9) ChatGPT 4.0
"Thanks! Now, give me an algorithm, both for C# code and the functionalities that I'll have to sue for the Unity Editor, to do the following things for my game: "4. Enemy Types:
   - Ground enemies with melee and ranged attacks
   - Aerial enemies with diving and swooping attacks"."
Accessed on April 28th, 2024.

10) Eduardo Luis Salinas Rivas, Dreadhalls Project.
GitHub.
https://github.com/eduardoluis11/dreadhalls/blob/main/Assets/LoadSceneOnInput.cs
Accessed on April 28th, 2024.

11) ChatGPT 4.0
"Awesome. Now, make me an algorithm for the c# scripting and the unity editor for making this part of my game: "5. Boss Mechanics:
   - "The Imanus": Final boss with various attack phases". I've attached you some of my own drawings to represent some of the boss mechanics. ost of the images show the boss' attacks. In the first image, I show that the boss will be able to summon some laser balls that will surround the player to then hurt him. In the 2nd image, I show an attack in which the boss lunges at the player to tackle him (the boss is the one with horns and a crown). In the 4th image, I show the boss launching missiles at the player as one of his attacks. Then, in the 3rd image (yes, it's in the wrong order), I show a sketch that shows that, if the player hits the missile with his sword, the missile will be sent back to the boss, and damage the boss. The boss will also become staggered by that missile hit, which will give the opportunity to the player to land multiple hits to the boss. Those images and these descriptions that I've been writing are a summary of the boss' attacks and mechanics. So, knowing all this, create the algorithm for the c# scripting and the algorithm to create the boss' mechanics for my Unity game."
Accessed on April 28th, 2024.

12) How to install Progrids in Unity 2021 from Github:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CfDikSGFQFs
Accessed on April 29th, 2024.

13) Probuilds tutorial from Brackeys from 2018.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PUSOg5YEflM
Accessed on April 29th, 2024.

14) ChatGPT 4.0

"Thanks. Now, create me an algorithm and tell me some tips on how to do the c# scripting for the following algorithm: "1. Player Character "Fang" with abilities:
   - "Techne": Physical combat skills
   - "Episteme": Magical abilities". And, in general, tell me how to create a playable character for a third person game in Unity in 3D to create my main character on my main scene. I will use a capsule as the object that will represent Fang, the playable character. However, if you could tell me how to attach a 3D model of a human to it, the better."
Accessed on May 1st, 2024.

15) José Díaz. Medieval cartoon character for Unity.
Unity Asset Store.
https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/characters/medieval-cartoon-warriors-90079#publisher
Accessed on May 1st, 2024.

16) Mech Warrior 3D model.
MSGDI.
Unity Asset Store
https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/characters/robots/medium-mech-striker-124342
Accessed on May 1st, 2024.

17) Jose Diaz
Set Character Tutorial.
Youtube Tutorial explaining how to import the Medieval cartoon charactewrs into the Unity Scene.
https://youtu.be/sz7QUqFeuTY?si=I1ZTSisYXCr-hpTz
Accessed on May 1st, 2024.

18) ChatGPT 4.0.
"I'm making a 3D game using the Unity Engine. Now, my game is a 3rd-person game. So, I want the camera to follow me around, just behind the player character, in a 3rd-person camera view. Tell me how to do this in Unity for a 3D game."
https://chat.openai.com/share/c21508a7-c2e9-4406-9d38-66a7af89b0df
Accessed on May 4th, 2024.

19) ChatGPT 4.0.
"Thanks. Now, I have both the player character and the game's boss with a capsule 3d object, and both have a RigidBody component. Well, right now, if I touch the boss with the player character, the player character falls to the floor, as if he had been toppled by the boss. Could you tell me how to make the player character touch the boss character without either of them falling to the floor? What I did in both the player character and the boss character was to create a 3D capsule game object, attach a RigidBody component to the capsule, and drag and drop the character's game object inside of the capsule. Thanks to that, they're both affected by gravity, and if they touch the floor, they won't clip through the floor. However, right now, the capsule's 3D model is covering 3D model of each character. Also, there's the issue that, if the player touches the boss, the player falls to the ground. So, tell me the ideal way to add collision detection to both characters, how to make the capsules be invisible (if I even have to use them), and tell me how to prevent the player character from falling to the floor if he touches the boss' 3D model. I'm using Unity 2021."
https://chat.openai.com/share/c21508a7-c2e9-4406-9d38-66a7af89b0df
Accessed on May 4th, 2024.

20) ChatGPT 4.0.
"Cool. Well, now, In my Unity game, I want to be able to rotate the camera while moving the mouse. As of right now, the camera will always be behind the player character. However, that means that I can't see behind Fang's back. Well, I want to be able to move the camera if I move my mouse. Tell me how to do that. I'm using Unity 2021."
Accessed on May 5th, 2024.

21) ChatGPT 4.0.
"Thanks. Now, Fang, the player character, never turns. Yes, I can move in all directions using the WASD and arrow keys. However, his character 3D model never looks back. So, if the boss is behind me, I would be unable to turn and attack him, since the player character's 3D model never turns back, even if I walk backwards. How can I make the 3D model of my player character to turn around once I start walking backwards?"
Accessed on May 5th, 2024.

22) Copilot from Pycharm: Professional Edition.
"/fix I'm making a 3D unity game which is a 3rd-person Action RPG in which you fight against a boss by using your sword. This script handles the movement of the playable character, who's called "Fang". Well, this code lets the player walk, and, if they walk to a side, they will turn around. However, the camera shakes whenever the player moves. On the default speed, which is of "5", is not that noticeable, but the player walks too slowly. At higher speeds, the player can move quick, but the camera shakes so much that it gives me motion sickness, making the game virtually unplayable. Meanwhile, if I remove any rotation from this code, and use "transform.Translate(movement * speed * Time.deltatime)", the player can move quickly and the camera won't shake, but the 3D model won't be able to rotate when wakling to a side or backwards. So please, take this snippet, and tell me what should I do in my Unity game to remove that camera shake whenever the player character moves by using this script."
Attached the PlayerMovement.cs script.
Highlighted lines 23 to 59 from the PlayerMovement.cs script.
Accessed on May 6th, 2024.

23) Copilot from Pycharm: Professional Edition.
"/explain That didn't work. The camera is still shaking while I move. Please, tell me what the selected snippet does. Then, tell me if you can find out what's causing the camera shaking."
Attached the PlayerMovement.cs script.
Highlighted lines 23 to 59 from the PlayerMovement.cs script.
Accessed on May 6th, 2024.

24) Copilot from Pycharm: Professional Edition.
"/fix The FollowCamera.cs script is the one that generates the camera shaking bug. I want the camera to follow the player character while they move. However, the camera shakes whenever the player moves. So please, modify this function so that the camera stops shaking while the player moves. This script is currently attached to the camera game object."
Attached the FollowCamera.cs script.
Highlighted lines 15 to 29 from the FollowCamera.cs script.
Accessed on May 6th, 2024.

25) Copilot from Pycharm: Professional Edition.
"Well, look at my current code for the FollowCamera monobehavior. Use the current code, since the code that you gave me made the camera to follow the player froam way too far away, and I wanted the camera to stay closer to the player. Well, is there a way to make the current code to make the camera move even smoother, be it by making it more optimized, or to make it lag less while following the player?"
Attached the FollowCamera.cs script.
Highlighted lines 15 to 29 from the FollowCamera.cs script.
Accessed on May 6th, 2024.

26) Cinemachine Tutorial from Youtube.
Creating a Third Person Camera using Cinemachine in Unity! (Tutorial)
Unity.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=537B1kJp9YQ
Accessed on May 7th, 2024.

27) PlayerMovementInputController.cs file from the Official Unity Cinemachine Tutorial.
Creating a Third Person Camera using Cinemachine in Unity! (Tutorial)
Unity.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=537B1kJp9YQ
Accessed on May 7th, 2024.

28) Copilot from VS Code.
/fix This line of code is giving me a bug in the editor of Unity 2021. This is the error message: "Assets\PlayerMovement.cs(49,24): error CS0246: The type or namespace name 'InputAction' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)". The game does not compile unless I fix this. How can I fix this?
Highlighted line 49 from the PlayerMovement.cs script.
Accessed on May 8th, 2024.

29) Copilot from VS Code.
@workspace /fix  I'm already doing that, and that didn't fix the bug. In fact, I have yet another bug in the Unity editor that doesn't let me execute my game that says: "Assets\PlayerMovement.cs(4,19): error CS0234: The type or namespace name 'InputSystem' does not exist in the namespace 'UnityEngine' (are you missing an assembly reference?)
". So, how can I fix this bug?
Highlighted line 4 from the PlayerMovement.cs script.
Accessed on May 8th, 2024.
